= Introduction =

This is the ReadMe.txt file that is included in the Download.  It describes the application.


= Details =


MegaManXPasswordGenerator ReadMe.txt


APPLICATION SUMMARY:
This is a Windows Forms application designed to Generate Passwords for the
Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES) Game - Mega Man X.


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
HOW TO USE:
(if you have to read this....)
Check the boxes of the desired Bosses Defeated/Items or Upgrades Acquired and click the
"Generate Password" button.  The password should then appear in the textbox labeled
"Password:"


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
VERSION HISTORY:
01.00.00.001 - Position (4,3) Fix
 -  For position (4,3), the Y factor should have been Factors.HeartTankSE
    and not Factors.HeartTankSM.

01.00.00.000 - Initial Release


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BACKGROUND:
Because of the now prevalent "auto save" feature many games utilize, I forgot to write down my
password before I shut off the SNES while playing Mega Man X.  Now, normally I would just play
the parts I "erased" again, but this was after a good 2 hour slugfest with one of the Mavericks
(Bosses) in the game and, as fun as it was, I didn't want to have to do that over again.  So,
I Googled the internet (read: went to GameFAQs) in search of a list of passwords for the game.
Hoping that, if found, one of them just might take me back to where I was (plus a couple heart
tanks - just for good measure).  And fortunately for me, there was one... sorta.  Actually what
I ended up finding was infinitely better than an actual list of passwords.  I found the Key 
(or, Treasure Map - if you will) to creating any password that I wanted!!  But that required work.
Now, being a Computer Programmer, the process for developing these passwords Screamed Automation.
And, being a Computer Programmer, I am increasingly lazy, and only want to perform a task once,
then have it performed automatically after that.  So, a couple hours later, this application was
born.  Now your desired password is a couple clicks away!  The world is safe again!

-Aaron


----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
SPECIAL THANKS:

UltraBongo
Author of "MEGA MAN X - PASSWORD ENCRYPTION SYSTEM".  Without whom, none of this would
have been possible. (file: mega_man_x_password.txt)
http://www.gamefaqs.com/console/snes/file/588479/52749

GameFAQs
http://www.gamefaqs.com/

Whiteball
Who's Icon I stole and am using on this app (hope they don't mind)

And this site
http://www.newdream.net/~sage/old/numbers/pow2.htm
for having 1058 "powers of 2" when I need them.



---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
RIGHTS:

Date: 2008-06-28
Copyright (c) 2008 Aaron Hoffman

Feel free to:
1. Use
2. Share
3. Modify and Use
4. Modify and Share-Alike


---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
CONTACT INFO:

Aaron Hoffman

Project Website:
http://code.google.com/p/megamanxpasswordgenerator/


[03:16] 
End MegaManXPasswordGenerator ReadMe.txt